The methods .split() and .split(' ') both serve the purpose of splitting a string into a list of substrings (words) based on a specified delimiter. However, there is a subtle difference between the two:

.split() without an argument:
When you call .split() without providing any arguments, it splits the string on whitespace characters (spaces, tabs, and newlines) by default.
It effectively removes leading and trailing whitespace and splits the string into words separated by any consecutive whitespace characters.
Example:

python
Copy code
text = "   Hello   World   "
result = text.split()
print(result)  # Output: ['Hello', 'World']
In this example, .split() splits the string based on spaces, removing the leading and trailing spaces.

.split(' ') with a space argument:
When you explicitly provide a space character (' ') as the argument to .split(), it will only split the string on spaces and not on other whitespace characters.
It will not remove leading and trailing spaces unless they are actual spaces (' ') in the string.
Example:

python
Copy code
text = "   Hello   World   "
result = text.split(' ')
print(result)  # Output: ['', '', '', 'Hello', '', '', 'World', '', '', '']
In this example, .split(' ') splits the string only on space characters (' ') and includes the leading and trailing spaces as empty substrings in the result.

So, the choice between .split() and .split(' ') depends on your specific requirements:

If you want to split a string into words based on any whitespace characters (including spaces, tabs, and newlines), and you want to remove leading and trailing spaces, you should use .split() without any arguments.
If you want to split a string specifically on space characters (' '), and you want to keep leading and trailing spaces intact, you should use .split(' ') with a space argument.

python
Copy code
reversed_words = reversed(each_word)
reversed_string = ' '.join(reversed_words)
These lines of code are intended to reverse the characters in each word of a given string and then join these reversed words back together into a new string.

Let's go through each line step by step:

reversed_words = reversed(each_word)

each_word appears to be a variable containing a word from the original string.
The reversed() function is used here to create a reversed iterator for each_word. This means that it doesn't immediately reverse the word but sets up an iterator that will yield the characters in reverse order when iterated over.
So, after this line, reversed_words contains a reversed iterator for the characters in each_word.

reversed_string = ' '.join(reversed_words)

' '.join(reversed_words) takes the reversed iterator reversed_words and joins the characters in it into a single string.
' ' is used as the separator between the characters when they are joined. In this case, it's a space, so there will be a space between each character in the reversed word.
The result of this line is that reversed_string contains the reversed word with spaces between each character.
Here's an example to illustrate how this code works:

Suppose each_word is initially set to "apple". After executing these two lines of code, here's what happens:

reversed_words will contain a reversed iterator for "apple", which effectively yields the characters in reverse order when iterated over, like this: 'e', 'l', 'p', 'p', 'a'.

reversed_string will be the result of joining these characters with spaces: 'e l p p a'.

So, if you print reversed_string, you will get the reversed word with spaces between the characters: "e l p p a".

This code is useful when you want to reverse the characters within each word while maintaining the word order in the original string.
